Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only
Creating a Service Account: 
Step 1: Create a project
1.	Go to the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Console and sign in as a super administrator. Choose an option: 
•	If you haven't used the GCP Console before, agree to the Terms of Service and click Create Project.
•	If you have used GCP Console before, at the top of the screen next to your most recent project name, click Down   to open your projects list. Then, click New Project.
2.	Enter a project name and click Create.
Step 2: Enable the APIs for the service account
1.	In the top-left corner of the GCP console, click Menu     APIs & Services   Library.
2.	For each API you require, click the API name and then Enable.
3.	To enable another API, click Back  .
You'll return to the API Library.
4.	Repeat step 2, as required.
Step 3: Create the service account
1.	In the top-left corner of the GCP console, click Menu  .
2.	Click IAM & Admin   Service accounts.
3.	Click Create Service Account and in the Service account name field, enter a name for the service account. 
4.	(Optional) Enter a description of the service account.
5.	Click Create.
6.	(Optional) Assign the role of Project viewer to the new account.
7.	Click Continue   Create Key.
8.	Ensure the key type is set to JSON and click Create.
You'll see a message that the service account JSON file has been downloaded to your computer.
9.	Make a note of the location and name of this file.
You will need it later.
10.	Click Close   Done.
11.	In the list of service accounts, click the email address that relates to the service account you created and click Edit. 
12.	Click View Domain Wide Delegation Client ID.
13.	In the Product name for the consent screen field, enter a product name.
14.	In the Email address field, use the default email address or assign a new email address.
15.	Click Save.
16.	If you are installing GSMME or GSPS, copy the Client ID value.
You will need this later.

Creating IAM Roles to grant access to GCE and GCS only
1.	Open the IAM page in the Cloud Console. Open the IAM page.
2.	Locate the member to whom you want to grant another role, and click Edit edit.
3.	In the Edit permissions pane, click Add another role.
4.	From the Select a role drop-down menu, select Project and then Viewer. Click Save.
For GCE Access, grant the predefined compute admin role:
roles/compute.admin
For GCS Access, grant the predefined compute admin role:
roles/storage.admin



