Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx

1.	Go to the VM instances page.
2.	Select your project and click Continue.
3.	Click the Create instance button.
4.	Specify a Name for your instance.
5.	Optionally, change the Zone for this instance.
6.	Select a Machine configuration for your instance.
7.	In the Boot disk section, click Change to configure your boot disk.
Create a boot disk no larger than 2 TB to account for the limitations of MBR partitions.
8.	In the OS images tab, choose an image.
Select Show images with Shielded VM features to see only Shielded VM images.
9.	Click Select.
10.	To permit HTTP or HTTPS traffic to the VM instance, select Allow HTTP traffic or Allow HTTPS traffic.
The Cloud Console adds a network tag to your instance and creates the corresponding ingress firewall rule that allows all incoming traffic on tcp:80 (HTTP) or tcp:443 (HTTPS). The network tag associates the firewall rule with the instance. For more information, see Firewall rules overview in the Virtual Private Cloud documentation.
11.	To add secondary non-boot disks to your VM instance:
a.	Click the Management, security, disks, networking, sole tenancy section.
b.	Click the Disks tab.
c.	Under Additional disks click Add new disk.
d.	Specify a disk Name, Type, Source type, Mode, and Deletion rule.
e.	Click Done.
f.	Add additional disks as needed.

12.	Optionally, change the instance's Shielded VM settings, if you chose an image that supports Shielded VM:
a.	Click the Security tab in the Management, security, disks, networking, sole tenancy section.
b.	If you want to disable Secure Boot, uncheck Turn on Secure Boot. Secure Boot helps protect your VM instances against boot-level and kernel-level malware and rootkits. For more information, see Secure boot.
c.	If you want to disable the virtual trusted platform module (vTPM), uncheck Turn on vTPM. The vTPM enables Measured Boot, which validates the VM pre-boot and boot integrity. For more information, see Virtual Trusted Platform Module (vTPM).
Important: Disabling the vTPM also disables integrity monitoring, because integrity monitoring relies on data gathered by Measured Boot.
d.	If you want to disable integrity monitoring, clear the Turn on Integrity Monitoring checkbox. Integrity monitoring lets you monitor the boot integrity of your Shielded VM instances using Stackdriver Monitoring. For more information, see Integrity monitoring.

13.	Click the Create button to create and start the instance.


Installing the NGINX Plus VM
To quickly set up an NGINX Plus environment on the Google Cloud Platform, perform the following steps.
Access the NGINX Plus page in Google Marketplace and click the LAUNCH ON COMPUTE ENGINE button.

1.	The Select or create a project window opens. Enter a project name and select a value from the Organization drop down, then click the Create button.
 
2.	In the Configure & Deploy window, enter or select appropriate values for zone, machine type, and so on. Click the Deploy button.
Note: In the Firewall section, be sure the Allow HTTP traffic checkbox is checked. For more information on controlling incoming traffic, see the Firewall Rules Overview in the Google Cloud Platform documentation.
 
3.	Click the Create button. The Google Developers Console confirms that NGINX Plus was deployed.
 
As soon as the project deploys and the new virtual machine (VM) instance starts running, NGINX Plus starts automatically and serves a default index.html page. To verify that NGINX Plus is working properly, use a web browser to access the public DNS name of the new VM and view the page.

